Added import tokens to the NNS docs (#3613)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/daos/nns/using-the-nns-dapp/nns-dapp-importing-tokens.mdx

---
keywords: [beginner, governance, tutorial, nns]
---

import { MarkdownChipRow } from "/src/components/Chip/MarkdownChipRow";
import '/src/components/CenterImages/center.scss';

# Import ICRC tokens

<MarkdownChipRow labels={["Beginner", "Governance", "Tutorial"]} />

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/zcXmarBk2L4?si=OIxq9LwY0DLzHvE1" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Overview

The NNS dapp focuses on providing a simple user interface where community members can interact with different on-chain governance systems deployed on the Internet Computer.

To extend wallet capabilities, users of the NNS dapp can now import any token that supports ICRC-1 no longer limited to ICP and SNS governance tokens. This includes all ICRC-2 and ICRC-3 tokens.

> ## How to find canister IDs

Reviewer: should we say "ledger canister IDs" or "canister IDs of the token's ledger"?

> There are several ways to find ledger canister IDs of ICRC-1 tokens. The tutorial video above mentions two. This is a more comprehensive list.

Reviewer: I would lead the paragraph with why you even talk about canister IDs: 

```suggestion
To import a token to you NNS dapp wallet so that you can.... , you need to specify the token by the canister ID of the token's ledger canister. [Optionally also index: why do people need this? ]

There are several ways to find ledger canister IDs of ICRC-1 tokens. The tutorial video above mentions two. This is a more comprehensive list.
```

Reviewer: (this could also be the end of the overview section and be a bridge to the "how to find canister IDs")

- [ICPSwap](https://info.icpswap.com/swap): Curated list of tokens traded on ICPSwap updated by the ICPSwap SNS DAO.
- [ICP Tokens](https://icptokens.net/): Curated list of tokens traded on ICP-based DEXs updated by ICP Tokens.
- [ICP Dashboard](https://dashboard.internetcomputer.org/): List of all chain-key tokens (under Chain Fusion menu option) updated automatically.
- [nftGeek](https://t5t44-naaaa-aaaah-qcutq-cai.raw.icp0.io/tokens): Curated list of tokens traded on ICP-based DEXs updated by nftGeek.
- [ICPEx](https://icpex.org/dashboard): Curated list of tokens traded on ICPEx updated by ICPEx.
- [CoinMarketCap](https://coinmarketcap.com/): The ICRC tokens that are listed on CoinMarketCap provide their ledger canister ID under Contract.
- [CoinGecko](https://coingecko.com/): The ICRC tokens that are listed on CoinGecko provide their ledger canister ID under Contract.

## How to import ICRC tokens

> First, find the ledger canister ID of the token you want to import to your NNS dapp wallet. The list above covers most tokens deployed on the Internet Computer. Once you have its ledger canister ID, you may optionally look for its index canister to display the transaction history.

Reviewer: would it make sense to add a sentence on top what it means to import a token?
What can you do with it afterwards? are there risks?
Maybe this can actually be part of the overview?

:::info

> Importing an index canister is completely optional. Many popular tokens **do not have index canisters**.

Reviewer: But why can it be benficial to have it?
You mention that you see the transaction history? what does this mean for the user? I think it means that the user will not see the past send / receives without this, right? Maybe it would be worth explaining that?

:::

- **Step 1:**  Sign into the NNS dapp, and navigate to **Tokens**. At the bottom of the table, click **Import Token**.

![NNS Import Tokens 1](../../_attachments/nns-import-tokens-1.webp)

:::info

> If you don't want to see tokens you don't hold, you can click the settings button at the top right corner of the table, and enable **Hide zero balances**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to hide the tokens you don't hold for better visibility, you can click the settings button at the top right corner of the table, and enable **Hide zero balances**.
```

:::

- **Step 2:** Paste the ledger and index canister IDs to the corresponding input fields. If you don't provide the index canister ID now, you can add it any time in the future.

![NNS Import Tokens 2](../../_attachments/nns-import-tokens-2.webp)

> - **Step 3**: Confirm that this is the token you want to import. By clicking the rightmost button, you can see the canister on the ICP dashboard.

Reviewer: I don't follow what you mean by the second sentence "the rightmost button". Even when looking at the picture

![NNS Import Tokens 3](../../_attachments/nns-import-tokens-3.webp)

> Once your token was successfully imported, you can send tokens to your principal ID.

Reviewer: Maybe something to be clarified in the beginning is that "import token" does not mean that you can display here the tokens that you own in another wallet or something similar. You basically open a "new empty wallet" for one of these tokens but you still have to make a transfer to it to actually hold tokens.
Not sure, but it occured to me in that step that that might not be fullly clear in the begining?

![NNS Import Tokens 4](../../_attachments/nns-import-tokens-4.webp)

Going back, you should see all imported tokens in the tokens table.

![NNS Import Tokens 5](../../_attachments/nns-import-tokens-5.webp)

> You can add and remove tokens any time. **Note**: removing a token doesn't remove the asset itself. If you remove a token that has a balance above 0, you can always re-import it, and the asset will be accessible.

Reviewer: Is this maybe still something we want to recommend not doing?
Or at least say something like "you should remember which tokens you have" as the NNS dapp will not remember this if you just remove it or somesuch?
